Team Hipster Release Plans for SlugSearch

High Level Goals- 
1. We want to provide the ultimate mobile companion app to the student portal website by providing users with better UI
2. Push notifications alerts when a certain full class becomes open 
3. The ability to see class/professor ratings with RateMyProfessor.

Sprint 1 – 
User Story 1: Working but rough UI that can be viewed in both Android SDK and iOS SDK (~24 hours to complete). As a user I want to be able to see the app using any mobile device so that I can check status of classes without using a computer.
User Story 2: Successfully creating the web crawler that crawls every hour for open classes (~24 hours to complete). As a user I want to be able to see whenever the next time a class becomes avaliable so that I don't miss adding the class

Sprint 2 – 
User Story 1: Redefine UI and implement design (~16 hours to complete) (This is the bulk of the product and includes the creation of easier search queries, responsive design and a back to search button). 
This sprint will also require the most planning and discussion in terms of the exact direction we want to go in. As a user I want a user friendly app that allows for an optimal viewing of classes so that I waste less time searching for classes.
User Story 2: As a user I want to be able to read the user manual for SlugSearch (~16 hours).
User Story 3: We will try to get RatemyProfessor integrated but at the very least I would hope we will have a hyperlink that will perform a search on RateMyProfessor to find the teacher for a specific class (~8 hours to complete). As a user I want to be able to directly see ratings of the class or professor so that I can immediately decide if I want to add a class (~16 hours).

Sprint 3 – 
Improving the product by providing amazing features that will give students who download the app an advantage in signing up for classes. 
User Story 1: This will include a Watch Class feature that will send push notifications for when the class is nearing full capacity and for whenever a spot opens up (~8 hours to complete). As a user I want to be able to know right away when a class becomes open so that I can add it right away (~16 hours).
User Story 2: As a tester I need to be able to do software builds and run regression tests (~16 hours).
User Story 3: We will have to test our UI for bugs and inconsistencies with different OS versions (~16 hours). As a user I want to see a app free of bugs so that I can rely on the app to work.

Total of 144 hours

Product Backlog:
Unlikely unless we have a lot of time - 
User Profiles to store classes (keep in mind we cannot add these stored classes without being in the school portal therefore feature is not necessary).
Course schedule to image file creator (Again this faces the same problem in that we cannot import student portal schedules).
We cannot access the student center of the UCSC portal as we are limited by not being able to get the myUCSC API.
 
