Team Hipster(SlugSearch) Sprint 1 Report

Actions to stop doing:
As a team we need to stop doing these:
Having to use Facebook Messenger as our primary means of communication 

Actions to start doing:
As a team we need to start doing these:
Collaboratively understand how the scraper works
Learn conventional AngularJS coding styles and revise sprint 1’s milestones
Be more attentive on Slack
Clarify weekly goals so everyone knows what they’re doing

Actions to keep doing:
As a team we need to keep doing these:
Effectively communicate through Slack
Attending all SCRUM meetings

Work completed:
As a user, I want to filter class parameters so I can search for the classes I want.
As a user, I want to see a lit of my search results so I can see what classes are available.
As a user I want to see more infor abut a class so I can be better informed about each class.

Work not completed:
As a user I want to be able to see the app using any mobile device so that I can check status of classes without using a computer.
As a user I want to be able to see whenever the next time a class becomes avaliable so that I don't miss adding the class.
As a user I want to be able to directly see ratings of the class or professor so that I can immediately decide if I want to add a class.
As a user I want to be able to know right away when a class becomes open so that I can add it right away.
As a tester I need to be able to do software builds and run regression tests.
As a user I don't want to run into any bugs or inconsistencies with compatibility with our app.

We still need to complete the following user stories:
Filtering search results so that we can see the classes we want
Displaying class info so that we can have the same functionality as myUCSC
Searching for classes so we can see what classes are being offered
Cleaning the user interface for a better user experience
Adding information to see professor ratings via RateMyProfessor
Allowing push notifications to tell us when a class opens up

Work completion rate:
The total number of user stories finished is 6. 
We have our basic functionality working for our application besides description of classes. 
Total number of user hours completed in sprint 1 is 53 ideal hours. 
Although our playing poker wasn’t that accurate, we had roughly around 50 hours between all 6 of us. 
There were 15 days in sprint 1. 6 user stories were completed in 15 days. 
53 ideal work hours were completed in 15 days as well. 
